Changing API endpoints depending on image version (#6249)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/private_locations.md

4. To pull test configurations and push test results, the private location worker needs access to one of the Datadog API endpoints:

>     * For the Datadog US site: `api.datadoghq.com/api/` for images version 0.1.5 and below. `intake.synthetics.datadoghq.com` for images version 0.1.6 and above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For the Datadog US site: For version 0.1.6+ use `intake.synthetics.datadoghq.com` ( `api.datadoghq.com/api/` for versions <0.1.5).
```

    * For the Datadog EU site: `api.datadoghq.eu/api/`.

    Check if the endpoint corresponding to your Datadog `site` is available from the host runing the worker:

>     * For the Datadog US site: `curl https://api.datadoghq.com` or `curl intake.synthetics.datadoghq.com` depending on the version of the image you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * For the Datadog US site: `curl https://api.datadoghq.com` for version <0.1.5, `curl intake.synthetics.datadoghq.com` for version 0.1.6+.
```
